Princess Chu is the Supreme Emperor's Yonggong this time
I will reward you with two strings of southern pearls
Ryukyu has passed through two strings of southern pearls this year
It's all rewarded to you, don't thank you
Thank you, Father. Get well
Lao Wu
How to deal with the matter of the imperial gift, Achen is still investigating
Checking the murderer is one thing
Gu heard that when the king was assassinated last night
To frame the King of Chu and his wife for poisoning Gu
The king said he was in a hurry
unspoken
He has been in Beijing for a long time
So many thoughts
It's better to go out and practice
What did the emperor think?
There were bandits reported in Tujiang Mansion today
I will let the next king go to suppress the bandits
Just to experience
Suppress bandits
Xu long-term plan
So that he doesn't have to rush back.
What my father said is gone
Seeing that my father's body is fine
Then I will go to deal with official business first.
Grandfather Xie Huang
Hahaha, you are not stupid.
Gu said before
As long as you save the King of Chu
Gu Dou agrees to all your conditions
What do you want?
Grandfather Wang, I have only one request.
Although I
I want to be reasonable with the King of Chu